feat: Allow disable search language analyzer via env variable (#13940)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

## Hosting & Configuration

### Control language analyzer usage in Elasticsearch search queries

> A new environment variable `SHOPWARE_ES_USE_LANGUAGE_ANALYZER` has been added to control whether language-specific analyzers (like `sw_english_analyzer`, `sw_german_analyzer`) are used for search queries.

Reviewer: Please add the new env into this docs as well https://github.com/shopware/docs/blob/c9ca9a6a771b61c059f88ea252c8363cc272eac1/guides/hosting/configurations/shopware/environment-variables.md

Author: https://github.com/shopware/docs/pull/2045

By default (`SHOPWARE_ES_USE_LANGUAGE_ANALYZER=1`), search queries use the same analyzer as the indexed field, which includes language-specific features like stopword filtering and stemming. This provides broader, more fuzzy search results.

> When set to `0` (`SHOPWARE_ES_USE_LANGUAGE_ANALYZER=0`), search queries use `sw_whitespace_analyzer` instead, providing more accurate and precise search results with fewer matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `0` (`SHOPWARE_ES_USE_LANGUAGE_ANALYZER=0`), search queries use `sw_whitespace_analyzer` instead, providing more less fuzzy search results with fewer matches.
```

> **Example:**

Reviewer: This example can be omitted
